hello and welcome I am
old ex and in this video I show
you like her high quality
space makes and which means here too
needed
if you just watch this video so
probably megabau no own network
player on the ju on the playstation 4
or to do it on the xbox
The procedure I am relatively equal
That's why I show you the whole
building on the mio as the first time the
basic question what equipment
you need a computer
or laptop the elgato game capture hd
a console a tv as well
headset or in-stall microphone
the gamepads ag vl card requires her
that's why it's the picture of yours
TV also your computer or
could transfer laptop and that
Of course in the finest quality what would have
I can talk to the microphones
warmly the pigs 22 from turtle beach
recommend because this super easy too
service is and a really good quality
with alternative I recommend
you the microphone of yeti all
products that I experienced and
I'll postpone laying down in the
So please have a look at the description
if you have all the equipment together
we can already get started
start with the wiring to us
as must be plugged into each other
at this point it should be short
to note that showed york third the
Conveniently bring all cables
closes the hdmi video review on the one hand
in the review console itself as well as in
the agathe game capture that
supplied hdmi cable from elgato
you close on the other side the
game capture as well as with the other
end to your television to the end
you think the usb cable indie game
capture as well as in your computer
now only that would be missing or that
microphone closes in my case the
turtle beach to the inline amplifier am
You will find the end of the inline amplifier
the jack and a usb port the
jack itself comes in the tv and
the USB connection to your computer
finished with a beach microphone easy
Plug the USB cable into the computer
for closing the interface has from the
game capture ag
how exactly that is adjusted and
works so the first look betrays
already that the interface is very very
clean, we click on
settings we can adjust what you want
input device we have from the video up
to represent xbox wallace
hde no circumstances component for the
players who do not play on the wii
on the review then of course, too
still the profile of hd 720 to 10 80
quality come on over change and then
is it already the picture here have
we different regulators the the
brightness contrast color saturation change
in the audiobereich you can also again
make some settings profile
or I do not have it extended
you do not necessarily need busy work
and if necessary came to the standard
restore everything is right
set you can already see the
home screen in my case the
Review transmitted directly from
TV screen on the program above
we can do a cinema because the tool
make same notions case
we forgot something
At the play tower we can only fix and
the decibel number changes below
live commentary selects your headset
or how comfort is important
turn on the whole field so
that it only turns green then
active and you can there as well
volume control in live streaming
you can also go directly to
twitter for example stream here
just set everything
and of course the tags you too
into this idea and then click
the red button and it goes straight to
recording you take the current picture
your gameplay and that always
short clarify how the qualitative
I will show you a part
from sonic costas transformed
blowfish well that was it already with
the tutorial i very much hope that i will
could help you a bit if so
Of course I would be one myself
thumbs up high
And do not forget in the description
you find a link to the whole
equipment to your first let's play too
Turn and some recommend Zuspiele
Boxing from the xbox one as well as the play
you four with it then directly with yours
could start the first display that was it
I say many of them for me to see
and do not forget
we love story no sorry we love st